DANA PERINO.
"THE FIVE" ."
WHAT A WEEK FOR THE DEMS.
TWO NEW CANDIDATES, CAMEL      K
TWO NEW CANDIDATES, CAMEL      M
TWO NEW CANDIDATES, CAMEL      L
TWO NEW CANDIDATES, CAMEL      A
HARRIS AND THE COFFEE GUY.
WHEN OBAMA RAN, THE PRESS
SHOUTED WE ALL KNOW IT'S OBAMA.
EVERYONE COME OUT OF THE POOL.
LATER, THEY KNEW IT WOULD BE
HILLARY UNTIL THE ORANGE
GODZILLA AMBUSHED THEM.
HE SHOWED US IT'S NOT HARD TO
AMBUSH A MOB, ESPECIALLY A MOB
OF LEMMINGS.
JUMP OFF A CLIFF AND THEY WILL
JUMP OFF.
THIS YEAR, IT IS KAMALA'S TURN.
I HEARD IT FROM THE LEMMINGS.
>> SENATOR KAMALA HARRIS KICKED
OFF HER 2020 PRESIDENTIAL
CAMPAIGN.
LOOK AT THE CROWD.
SHE WAS STRONG, JOE.
WHAT ARE YOUR THOUGHTS?
>> I DON'T KNOW ABOUT YOU BUT
THE SECOND THAT I SAW HER UP
THERE, I SAID WOW.
SHE'S GOT WHAT IT TAKES.
SHE FILLED THAT STAGE.
SHE COMPLAINED THE BIG LEAGUES.
>> Greg: THEY ARE A GOOD JAVA MN
IS HAVING A HARD TIME.
>> DON'T HELP ELECT TRUMP.
YOU EGOTISTICAL BILLIONAIRE
[BLEEP]
GO BACK TO DAVOS WITH THE OTHER
BILLIONAIRE ELITES.
>> Greg: SOMEONE GOT A DAY
PASS FROM THE HOME.
OF COURSE, THERE IS "THE VIEW."
>> YOUR ENTRY INTO THIS RACE
WILL GUARANTEE TRUMP ANOTHER
FOUR YEARS.
>> I DON'T AGREE WITH YOU.
>> I KNOW YOU DON'T.
>> IF HE RUNS AGAINST A FAR LEFT
PROGRESSIVE PERSON WHO IS
SUGGESTING 60, 70% TAX INCREASES
ON THE RICH AND A HEALTH CARE
SYSTEM THAT WE CAN'T PAY FOR,
PRESIDENT TRUMP IS GOING TO GET
REELECTED.
NO ONE WANTS TO SEE HIM FIRED
MORE THAN ME.
>> I KNOW ONE WANTS TO SEE YOU
RUN MORE THAN HIM.
>> Greg: SHE IS LIKE A COLD
CUP OF COFFEE.
YOU HEAR THE FEAR IN THEIR
VOICES.
JAVA MAN WANTS TO DO WHAT TRUMP
DID, SAY SURPRISING THINGS ABOU
ABOUT --
THE MOB FEARS IF HE RUNS AS AN
INDEPENDENT HE WILL TAKE VOTES
FROM KAMALA.
HANDING A WIN TO TRUMP.
THEY ARE RIGHT.
SCHULTZ IS AN OLD-SCHOOL LIB AND
BY SHOWING NEXT TO THE
DEMOCRATIC PARTY, HE SHOWS HOW
FAR LEFT THEY'VE BECOME.
HE'S NOT A SOCIALIST PROMISING
PIE IN THE SKY B.S.
HE IS SAYING, THE SOLUTION FOR
THE DEMS, PICK ONE LIKE HIM SO
NO ONE FLOCKED TO HIM OR LOOK
HOW WE RUN.
HE'S COMMITTING THE CARDINAL
SIN.
GOING EMPTY THE MEDIA'S
PREORDAINED CHOICE.
>> YOU JUST PLAYED
SENATOR HARRIS SAYING THAT SHE
WANTS TO ABOLISH THE INSURANCE
INDUSTRY.
THAT'S NOT CORRECT.
THAT'S NOT AMERICAN.
WHAT'S NEXT?
WHAT INDUSTRY ARE WE GOING TO
ABOLISH NEXT?
THE COFFEE INDUSTRY?
>> Greg: BIG MISTAKE GOING
AFTER HER.
HE WILL LAST ABOUT AS LONG AS A
PORK CHOP IN A PRANA TANK.
I AM STARTING TO WARM UP TO THIS
GUY BECAUSE UNLIKE THE OTHER
PEOPLE RUNNING, HE HAS THE GUTS
TO GO AFTER THE SACRED HEROES.
HE'S GOING AFTER KAMALA.
I WILL PLAY SOME TAPE LATER OF
HIM GOING AFTER AOC.
YOU SEE THE REACTION EVERYWHERE.
HE'S MAKING IT HARD FOR THEM TO
PROTECT THEIR CHOICE.
>> Dana: UNITED AGAINST HIM.
THE OTHER PERSON WHO WENT AFTER
THE LEFT BY NAME, I THINK AOC,
MAYBE ELIZABETH WARREN.
MICHAEL BLOOMBERG.
THEY ARE INDEPENDENT GUYS.
WAIT, WE DON'T WANT TO GO THAT
WAY.
THEY FREAK OUT ON THE LEFT IS
QUITE DRAMATIC AND I THINK THEY
ARE LOOKING TO SAY MY GOODNESS.
YOU'RE GOING TO ELECT
DONALD TRUMP.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
I THINK IT'S JUST AS POSSIBLE IT
COULD HURT TRUMP.
IF YOU LOOK AT 1992, SOME PEOPLE
SAY ROSS PEROT DIDN'T HAVE AN
EFFECT BECAUSE IF YOU LOOK AT
THE DATA, BUSH WON TEXAS AND
FLORIDA.
IT DIDN'T MATTER IN THE END.
BUT COULD IT MATTER THIS TIME?
THAT'S HOW YOU ELECTED
BILL CLINTON.
>> Greg: IT'S HARD TO REMEMBER
'92.
I WAS LIKE 14.
>> Dana: YOU DIDN'T EVEN HAVE
TO SHAVE.
>> Greg: I WANTED TO.
>> Jesse: YOU WERE OLDER THAN
14.
>> Jedediah: THE FIRST
ELECTION I EVER VOTED IN.
>> Greg: INTERESTING.
I DIDN'T ASK FOR THAT
INFORMATION BUT THAT'S OKAY.
WHEN "THE VIEW" HAS A NASTY
REACTION TO SOMEONE, I INSTANTLY
LIKED THAT PERSON A LOT.
>> Jesse: I LIKE THIS GUY,
SCHULTZ.
HE LETS ME USE HIS BATHROOMS AT
STARBUCKS.
DO THAT AND I WILL VOTE FOR YOU.
I DON'T LIKE ORDERING THE CUP --
I WANT TO SAY SMALL.
>> Dana: VENTI IS LARGE.
>> Jesse: EXACTLY.
I DON'T EVEN KNOW WHAT IT MEANS.
WHAT LANGUAGE IS IT?
HE SAW THIS RADICAL YELLING
THINGS.
THEY ARE TRYING TO DURING THE
TERM BILLIONAIRE INTO A SLUR.
LIKE IT INHERENTLY MAKES YOU A
BAD PERSON.
THIS GUY IS A SELF-MADE
BILLIONAIRE.
HE GREW UP IN THE PROJECTS IN
BROOKLYN WHERE HIS FATHER WAS A
TRUCK DRIVER.
HE CREATED STARBUCKS OUT OF
NOTHING.
THE LEFT LOVES STARBUCKS.
THEY PAY THEIR PEOPLE WELL.
THEY GET GREAT HEALTH INSURANCE.
EVERYBODY USED TO LOVE HIM AND
NOW THEY WANT TO BOYCOTT
STARBUCKS BECAUSE HE COULD BE
THE SPOILER AND ENSURE A
DONALD TRUMP SECOND TERM.
THEY ARE ON SUICIDE WATCH NOW
BECAUSE THE GUY HAS ENOUGH GO TO
GET ON THE BALLOT IN ALL 50
STATES.
BLANKET THE AIRWAVES WITH
ADVERTISING.
TOTAL MELTDOWN.
>> Greg: JUAN, I THINK THAT
HOWARD IS A LOT LIKE YOU IN THIS
SENSE THAT HE'S AN OLD-SCHOOL
DEMOCRAT WITHOUT A PARTY.
YOUR PARTY IS GOING WAY FAR
LEFT.
I THINK IT'S BEEN HARD FOR YOU.
I AM LIKE AN ANALYST.
I KNOW IT'S BEEN HARD FOR YOU
WITH YOUR DEMOCRATS.
TELL ME HOW YOU REALLY FEEL.
DON'T YOU THINK HE IS SOUNDING
LIKE A DEMOCRAT FROM THE '70s
OR '80s OR EVEN '90s.
>> Juan: HE IS LIKE ME IN THIS
REGARD.
WE BOTH GREW UP IN BROOKLYN AND
THE PROJECTS.
I DIDN'T BECOME A BILLIONAIRE.
>> Jedediah: NOT YET.
>> Juan: HE SAYS THINGS ABOUT
ELIZABETH WARREN THAT I FIND
STRANGE.
HE SAYS ELIZABETH WARREN'S
IDEAS, 2% ON PEOPLE WORTH MORE
THAN $50 BILLION.
HE SAYS IT'S RIDICULOUS.
WHY IS IT RIDICULOUS?
OR HE SAYS MEDICARE FOR ALL,
RIDICULOUS, STUPID.
IT'S UN-AMERICAN.
I THINK TO MYSELF, MOST
AMERICANS THINK THAT'S A GOOD
IDEA.
>> Greg: HE WAS SAYING IT WAS
UN-AMERICAN TO GET RID OF AN
ENTIRE INDUSTRY.
>> Juan: SHE DIDN'T SAY GET
RID OF THE INDUSTRY.
SHE SAID YOU SHOULD BE ABLE TO
GO TO THE HOSPITAL AND NOT HAVE
TO GO THROUGH, DO YOU HAVE
INSURANCE?
WILL YOUR COMPANY COVER IT?
MEDICARE FOR ALL GUARANTEE IT.
>> Jesse: THEY TREAT PEOPLE
WITHOUT HEALTH INSURANCE ALL THE
TIME.
>> Juan: BUT THEN WHAT
HAPPENS, YOU AND I END UP PAYING
HIGHER COSTS.
THAT'S WHY AMERICAN MEDICAL CARE
IS SO --
>> Jesse: SO YOU WANT TO FIRE
HALF A MILLION PEOPLE WHO WORK
IN THE HEALTH CARE INDUSTRY?
>> Juan: I DIDN'T WANT TO GET
INTO THE BAIT.
I WANT TALK ABOUT HIM.
THE DEMOCRATIC IDEAS, THE KEY
POINT HE'S MAKING.
IT'S INTERESTING STEVE SCHMIDT
WHO WORKED WITH McCAIN, I
THINK, GREG STRUBLE, ALSO A
REPUBLICAN POLLSTER, BILL
BURTON, THESE ARE HIS TOP
PEOPLE.
THEY WERE WITH HIM YESTERDAY
HERE IN NEW YORK.
WHAT YOU'RE SEEING HIM SAY, 40%
OF AMERICANS NOW IDENTIFY AS
INDEPENDENT.
THEY DON'T LIKE REPUBLICANS OR
DEMOCRATS.
THEY REALLY ARE INDEPENDENT.
THE PROBLEM WITH THAT ANALYSIS
IS MOST INDEPENDENTS LEAN ONE
WAY OR THE OTHER.
AT THE MOMENT WE ARE SEEING IS
HUGE NUMBERS SAYING THAT I WILL
NEVER VOTE FOR TRUMP.
56% OF AMERICANS.
>> Greg: YOU COULD HAVE SAID
THAT AT THE START, JUAN.
>> Juan: IF THAT'S THE CASE,
HE IS COUNTING ON INDEPENDENTS
WHO ARE NOT THERE FOR THE
TAKING.
>> Jedediah: I THINK HE IS
JUST A BUSINESSMAN.
HE, MUCH LIKE TRUMP, HAS AN IDEA
OF WHAT THESE POLICIES DO WHEN
THEY ARE ACTUALLY IMPACTING
BUSINESS.
WHEN YOU LOOK AT A 70% MARGINAL
TAX RATE, WHEN YOU LOOK AT
MEDICARE FOR ALL, ALL HE IS
SAYING IS IT'S UN-AMERICAN TO
HAVE A MASSIVE GOVERNMENT
OVERTAKE OF INDUSTRY.
HE KNOWS THAT IT REDUCES THE
QUALITY OF CARE OF THOSE ITEMS.
THE TOP TAX RATE, WHEN YOU HIKE
THAT UP ON PEOPLE ON THE TOP,
YOU'RE GOING TO LEAD TO JOB
LOSSES.
YOU'RE GOING TO LEAD TO
TRICKLE-DOWN ECONOMICS.
HE'S BEEN ALIVE FOR A MINUTE.
HE'S A SUCCESSFUL BUSINESSMAN
AND HE IS SAYING THESE THINGS
SOUND GREAT, ALL THESE SOUND
BITES, THIS UTOPIA THEY WANT TO
LIVE IN.
WHEN YOU GET OUT OF LIBERAL
ACADEMIA, THE STUFF DOESN'T.
IT USED TO -- HE USED TO BE
VIEWED AS A SOCIAL JUSTICE
WARRIOR.
>> Greg: I REMEMBER.
WE HAVE ASKED HIM HERE.
>> Jedediah: LIBERALS LOVED
HIM.
NOW THEY HAVE TO MAKE IT THEIR
JOB TO DESTROY HIM AND DESTROY
THAT COMPANY.
>> Greg: TO YOUR POINT, THE
MEDIA AND THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY
ARE GOING TO NARROW THE FOCUS TO
THE PERSON THEY WANT, WHICH IS
KAMALA.
>> Jedediah: THIS IS WHAT THEY
DO.
THEY MIGHT LIKE YOU BEFORE AND
THEN WHEN THEY SENSE THAT YOU
ARE A THREAT TO FAR LEFT
POLICIES, THIS GUY IS GOING TO
HAVE TO BE DESTROYED.
>> Jesse: WHEN A DEMOCRAT
TELLS OTHER DEMOCRATS YOU'RE
GOING CRAZY COMING OR GOING OUT
TO DEFEND, THAT REALLY HURTS.
IT'S LIKE YOU HAVE A DRINKING
PROBLEM AND PEOPLE TELL YOU TO
STOP DRINKING.
YOU DON'T LISTEN.
THEN WHEN YOUR FRIEND TELLS YOU